Installed Packages
3proxy.x86_64                                        0.9.4-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.33-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.33-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.22.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.22.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-6.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.12-6.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.13-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.13-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-7.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-7.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.46.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.8-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
SDL2.i686                                            2.30.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.30.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.2-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-37.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
SwayNotificationCenter.x86_64                        0.10.1-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:erikreider:SwayNotificationCenter
Thunar.x86_64                                        4.18.11-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc40   @updates                                                         
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.50.rc5.fc40                 @fedora                                                          
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  2:1.12.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt.x86_64                                          2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20240116.2-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.13.9-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
acpi.x86_64                                          1.7-23.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-7.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-4.fc40            @fedora                                                          
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                                         
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-19.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                                         
adwaita-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                     46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
akmod-v4l2loopback.x86_64                            0.13.1-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free                                                  
akmods.noarch                                        0.5.8-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
alien.noarch                                         8.95-25.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2024.03-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.27-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
anaconda.x86_64                                      40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-live.noarch                                 40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-6.fc39                         @anaconda                                                        
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              40.22.3-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.60-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.60-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-14.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20240502-8.fc40               @updates                                                         
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-38.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
appstream.x86_64                                     1.0.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
appstream-data.noarch                                40-8.fc40                           @updates                                                         
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.3-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
apr-util-lmdb.x86_64                                 1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
aquamarine.x86_64                                    0.4.0-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
aquamarine-devel.x86_64                              0.4.0-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
atk.i686                                             2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
atk.x86_64                                           2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.52.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.4-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
audit.x86_64                                         4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
audit-libs.i686                                      4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
audit-libs.x86_64                                    4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
audit-rules.x86_64                                   4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
authselect.x86_64                                    1.5.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.5.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
autoconf.noarch                                      2.71-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-16.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-glib.i686                                      0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-26.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-36.fc40                         @updates                                                         
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-33.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
baobab.x86_64                                        46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
basesystem.noarch                                    11-20.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-14.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-21.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
bcg729.x86_64                                        1.1.1-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.28-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
binutils.x86_64                                      2.41-37.fc40                        @updates                                                         
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.41-37.fc40                        @updates                                                         
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
blueman.x86_64                                       1:2.4.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
blueman-nautilus.noarch                              1:2.4.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
bluez.x86_64                                         5.77-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
bluez-deprecated.x86_64                              5.77-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.77-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.77-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.77-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
bluez-tools.x86_64                                   0.2.0-0.23.git20170912.7cb788c.fc40 @fedora                                                          
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.8-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.83.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
bottom.x86_64                                        0.9.5-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:bottom                      
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-6.fc40          @fedora                                                          
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.3-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
brave-browser.x86_64                                 1.69.162-1                          @brave-browser                                                   
brave-keyring.noarch                                 1.15-1                              @brave-browser                                                   
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             6.5.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
brightnessctl.x86_64                                 0.5.1-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-13.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
brotli.x86_64                                        1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
btop.x86_64                                          1.3.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.10.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.8-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.62_v7.0.401-6.fc40           @fedora                                                          
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40               @fedora                                                          
cairo.i686                                           1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cairomm1.16.x86_64                                   1.18.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
capstone.x86_64                                      5.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
cargo.x86_64                                         1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-22.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cava.x86_64                                          0.9.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
cdbs.noarch                                          0.4.166-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-44.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
cheese.x86_64                                        2:44.1-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:44.1-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.27-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
chrony.x86_64                                        4.5-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-5.fc40                          @updates                                                         
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-5.fc40                          @updates                                                         
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.17-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:45-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:45-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
cliphist.x86_64                                      0.5.0-1.fc40.1                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @fedora                                                          
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-48.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc40 @fedora                                                          
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-13.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-18.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cmake.x86_64                                         3.28.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.28.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.28.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cmatrix.x86_64                                       2.0-9.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
code.x86_64                                          1.92.2-1723661076.el8               @code                                                            
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-10.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-33.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                4.4.5-1.fc40                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                                          
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-25.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
composefs.x86_64                                     1.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
composefs-libs.x86_64                                1.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.10-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.232.1-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
containers-common.noarch                             5:0.60.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
containers-common-extra.noarch                       5:0.60.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
copyq.x86_64                                         9.0.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.4-7.fc40                          @updates                                                         
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.4-7.fc40                          @updates                                                         
cpio.x86_64                                          2.15-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
cpp.x86_64                                           14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
criu.x86_64                                          3.19-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.19-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
cronie.x86_64                                        1.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11^20190603git9e74f2d-3.fc40      @fedora                                                          
crun.x86_64                                          1.15-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
crypto-policies.noarch                               20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates                                                         
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20240725-1.git28d3e2d.fc40          @updates                                                         
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.7.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.7.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
cups-filters-driverless.x86_64                       1:2.0.1-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.10-6.fc40                     @updates                                                         
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
curl.x86_64                                          8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates                                                         
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      79-1.fc40                           @updates                                                         
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
daala-libs.x86_64                                    0-27.20200724git694d4ce.fc40        @fedora                                                          
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   79-1.fc40                           @updates                                                         
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   36-2.fc40                           @updates                                                         
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.112-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-3.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.34.20160218.fc40            @fedora                                                          
dconf.i686                                           0.40.0-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
debhelper.noarch                                     13.11.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-14.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                                         
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-mni.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-sat.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     40.0.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.197-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.197-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.197-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.197-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.7-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
dh-autoreconf.noarch                                 20-10.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @fedora                                                          
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-13.P1.fc40                 @fedora                                                          
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.105-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-9.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dkms.noarch                                          3.0.13-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.8.3-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-11.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-35.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
dpkg.x86_64                                          1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dpkg-dev.noarch                                      1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dpkg-perl.noarch                                     1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
dracut.x86_64                                        102-2.fc40                          @updates                                                         
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          102-2.fc40                          @updates                                                         
dracut-live.x86_64                                   102-2.fc40                          @updates                                                         
dracut-network.x86_64                                102-2.fc40                          @updates                                                         
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 102-2.fc40                          @updates                                                         
duktape.i686                                         2.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ed.x86_64                                            1.20.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
edid-decode.x86_64                                   0-67.20240130git7a27b339.fc40       @fedora                                                          
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.9-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20240524-4.fc40                     @updates                                                         
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-11.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-11.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-6.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-2.fc40                           @updates                                                         
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                      0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.191-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-9.fc40                       @updates                                                         
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.6.9-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
eog.x86_64                                           45.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:46.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.10-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evince.x86_64                                        46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evince-libs.x86_64                                   46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evince-previewer.x86_64                              46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            46.3.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.52.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.52.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
exo.x86_64                                           4.18.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
expat.i686                                           2.6.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
f39-backgrounds-base.noarch                          39.0.5-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
f39-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         39.0.5-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
f40-backgrounds-base.noarch                          40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
f40-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         40.2.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.11.1-2.fc40                     @rpmfusion-free                                                  
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.34-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.34-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
fdk-aac-free.i686                                    2.0.0-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-30.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        3.0-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  3.0-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-8.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               40-2                                @updates                                                         
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fedora-release-common.noarch                         40-39                               @updates                                                         
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           40-39                               @updates                                                         
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    40-39                               @updates                                                         
fedora-repos.noarch                                  40-2                                @updates                                                         
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-8.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.6-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-5.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
ffmpeg-free.x86_64                                   6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ffmpegthumbnailer.x86_64                             2.2.3-0.7.20240104git1b5a779.fc40   @rpmfusion-free                                                  
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-12.fc40                      @updates                                                         
file.x86_64                                          5.45-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
file-devel.x86_64                                    5.45-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.45-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
file-roller.x86_64                                   44.3-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-8.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-9.fc40                      @updates                                                         
fira-code-fonts.noarch                               6.2-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
firefox.x86_64                                       129.0.2-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             129.0.2-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
firewalld.noarch                                     2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
flac-libs.i686                                       1.4.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.10-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
fmt.x86_64                                           10.2.1-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fontawesome-6-brands-fonts.noarch                    1:6.6.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
fontawesome-6-free-fonts.noarch                      1:6.6.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
fontawesome-fonts-all.noarch                         1:6.6.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
fontawesome4-fonts.noarch                            1:4.7.0-22.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
fontconfig.i686                                      2.15.0-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.15.0-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.15.0-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-14.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-14.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
fpaste.noarch                                        0.5.0.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-12.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:3.7.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
freerdp2-libs.x86_64                                 2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
freetype.i686                                        2.13.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.3.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.14-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.14-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.14-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fros.noarch                                          1.1-35.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-35.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.13-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.6-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.23-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
fzf.x86_64                                           0.54.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gamemode.i686                                        1.7-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.7-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
garcon.x86_64                                        4.18.2-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-26.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gawk.x86_64                                          5.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gcc.x86_64                                           14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gcr.x86_64                                           4.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gdb.x86_64                                           14.2-3.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  14.2-3.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.23-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.42.10-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.10-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.42.10-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gdm.x86_64                                           1:46.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-15.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-54.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-12.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-12.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gettext-common-devel.noarch                          0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gettext-devel.x86_64                                 0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.9-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                                         
ghostscript-tools-fonts.noarch                       10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                                         
ghostscript-tools-printing.noarch                    10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                                         
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
git.x86_64                                           2.46.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
git-core.x86_64                                      2.46.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.46.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gjs.x86_64                                           1.80.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gjs-devel.x86_64                                     1.80.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
glib.x86_64                                          1:1.2.10-73.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
glib-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.2.10-73.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
glib-networking.i686                                 2.80.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.80.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
glib2.i686                                           2.80.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
glib2.x86_64                                         2.80.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.80.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
glibc.i686                                           2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc.x86_64                                         2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.7-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.80.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
glm-devel.noarch                                     0.9.9.8-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
glycin-loaders.x86_64                                1.0.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gmp.i686                                             1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-5.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:46.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-characters.x86_64                              46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gnome-connections.x86_64                             46.0-3.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-15.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    45.0-3.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    46.11-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.50.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-session.x86_64                                 46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch            57-7.20240307git03a7412.fc40        @fedora                                                          
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         46.0-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-software.x86_64                                46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-software-fedora-langpacks.x86_64               46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.50.1-8.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.50.1-8.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             46.3-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.6.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-weather.noarch                                 46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-33.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gnutls.i686                                          3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.5.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.5.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                   1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
golang.x86_64                                        1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
golang-src.noarch                                    1.22.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gom.x86_64                                           0.5.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.24.20130920.fc40            @fedora                                                          
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.18.20130214.fc40          @fedora                                                          
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-19.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20231130-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20231130-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-cjk-fonts.noarch                    1:2.004-7.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-7.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-meeteimayek-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-7.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240301-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
gparted.x86_64                                       1.6.0-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.14-4.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.23.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.23.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-46.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
granite.x86_64                                       6.2.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.14-15.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-15.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-15.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
graphviz.x86_64                                      9.0.0-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
grim.x86_64                                          1.4.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
grub-customizer.x86_64                               5.2.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-123.fc40                     @updates                                                         
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-75.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     46.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
gsm.i686                                             1.0.22-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64              1:1.24.7-1.fc40                     @rpmfusion-free-updates                                          
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.x86_64                   1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.24.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gtk-layer-shell.x86_64                               0.8.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gtk-layer-shell-devel.x86_64                         0.8.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                            0.98.2-29.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gtk2.i686                                            2.24.33-18.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-18.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
gtk3.i686                                            3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.43-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.14.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.9-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gtkmm4.0.x86_64                                      4.14.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                3.24.11-10.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.12.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-48.20121130.fc40              @fedora                                                          
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
guile30.x86_64                                       3.0.7-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                    1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.54.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
gvisor-tap-vsock.x86_64                              6:0.7.4-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gvisor-tap-vsock-gvforwarder.x86_64                  6:0.7.4-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
gzip.x86_64                                          1.13-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
harfbuzz.i686                                        8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-31.fc40                @fedora                                                          
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-18.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-19.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
highway.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
hplip.x86_64                                         3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
htop.x86_64                                          3.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-9.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-9.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
hwdata.noarch                                        0.385-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hwdata-devel.noarch                                  0.385-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.11.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.44.20220731git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-24.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-24.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
hyprcursor.x86_64                                    0.1.9-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hyprcursor-devel.x86_64                              0.1.9-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
hyprland.x86_64                                      0.42.0-3.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprlang.x86_64                                      0.5.2-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprlang-devel.x86_64                                0.5.2-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprpicker.x86_64                                    0.3.0-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprutils.x86_64                                     0.2.1-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprutils-devel.x86_64                               0.2.1-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
hyprwayland-scanner-devel.x86_64                     0.4.0-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.16-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.5-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.3-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.31-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.30-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.10-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
inih.i686                                            58-1.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-16.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.23-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
intel-vpl-gpu-rt.x86_64                              24.2.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
intltool.noarch                                      0.51.0-26.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.24-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
iproute.x86_64                                       6.7.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.7.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
ipset.x86_64                                         7.21-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.21-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.10-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.10-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
iputils.x86_64                                       20240117-4.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20240119-1.gitde8a0821.fc40         @fedora                                                          
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @fedora                                                          
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-20.gita65a472.fc40          @fedora                                                          
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.16.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.5-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
iw.x86_64                                            6.7-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                     1.9.22-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.12.0.7-2.fc40                @updates                                                         
java-21-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:21.0.4.0.7-2.fc40                 @updates                                                         
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                          2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.20-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-29.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-29.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
jetbrains-mono-fonts.noarch                          2.304-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-41.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
jq.x86_64                                            1.7.1-7.fc40                        @updates                                                         
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.7.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
json-glib.i686                                       1.8.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-8.fc40                      @updates                                                         
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-45.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-45.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                5-3.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
kde-settings.noarch                                  40.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-11.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc40      @fedora                                                          
kdump-utils.x86_64                                   1.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
kernel.x86_64                                        6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel.x86_64                                        6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel.x86_64                                        6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.10.3-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.8.11-300.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.9.12-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.10.6-200.fc40                     @updates                                                         
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-23.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.29-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.6.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.116.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
kf6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
kf6-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             6.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
kitty.x86_64                                         0.36.1-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
kitty-kitten.x86_64                                  0.36.1-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
kitty-shell-integration.noarch                       0.36.1-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.36.1-1.fc40                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
kmod.x86_64                                          31-5.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     31-5.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
kmod-v4l2loopback.x86_64                             0.13.1-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free                                                  
kmod-v4l2loopback-6.10.6-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64      0.13.1-1.fc40                       @@commandline                                                    
kmod-v4l2loopback-6.8.11-300.fc40.x86_64.x86_64      0.13.1-1.fc40                       @@commandline                                                    
kmod-v4l2loopback-6.9.12-200.fc40.x86_64.x86_64      0.13.1-1.fc40                       @@commandline                                                    
kmodtool.noarch                                      1.1-10.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.7-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
kvantum.x86_64                                       1.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
kvantum-data.noarch                                  1.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
kvantum-qt5.x86_64                                   1.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.80-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.17-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-13.fc40                         @updates                                                         
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lcms2.i686                                           2.16-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.16-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.84.1-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
less.x86_64                                          643-6.fc40                          @updates                                                         
libGLEW.x86_64                                       2.2.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libICE.i686                                          1.1.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libICE.x86_64                                        1.1.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libX11.i686                                          1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.10-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libXScrnSaver.i686                                   1.2.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXau.i686                                          1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXcursor.i686                                      1.2.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXext.i686                                         1.3.6-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.6-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.6-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXfixes.i686                                       6.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               6.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libXft.i686                                          2.3.8-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.8-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXi.i686                                           1.8.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.8.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXt.x86_64                                         1.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.12-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-48.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-15.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.5.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-19.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-27.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libaom.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-5.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-28.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-28.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-28.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libatomic.i686                                       14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libatomic.x86_64                                     14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-22.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libavcodec-freeworld.x86_64                          6.1.1-15.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                                          
libavdevice-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libavif.x86_64                                       1.0.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libblkid.i686                                        2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.5.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.2.0-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libbrotli.i686                                       1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-33.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.12.2-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.11-99.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.73.beta20.fc40               @fedora                                                          
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-35.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcap.i686                                          2.69-8.fc40                         @updates                                                         
libcap.x86_64                                        2.69-8.fc40                         @updates                                                         
libcap-ng.i686                                       0.8.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcddb.x86_64                                       1.3.2-43.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-12.fc40                  @updates                                                         
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcloudproviders.i686                               0.3.5-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                       0.3.5-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.6.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcom_err.i686                                      1.47.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcue.x86_64                                        2.3.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.1~b1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libcurl-minimal.i686                                 8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               8.6.0-10.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-29.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdate-tz.x86_64                                    3.0.1^20221213gitc9169ea-5.fc40     @fedora                                                          
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.13-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-62.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libdbusmenu-devel.x86_64                             16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel.x86_64                        16.04.0-27.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.7-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libde265.x86_64                                      1.0.15-2.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free                                                  
libdecor.i686                                        0.2.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdisplay-info-devel.x86_64                         0.1.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.13-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.123-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.123-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.123-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                     1.3.3-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-35.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libebml.x86_64                                       1.4.5-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libeconf.i686                                        0.6.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.6.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libedit.i686                                         3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40             @updates                                                         
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-53.20240808cvs.fc40             @updates                                                         
libei.x86_64                                         1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libeis.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-31.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.10-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.10-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-9.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-5.fc40   @fedora                                                          
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-11.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libevent.i686                                        2.1.12-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.8-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libffi.i686                                          3.4.4-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.14.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-23.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-12.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-12.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libgbinder.x86_64                                    1.1.40-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.6-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libgcc.i686                                          14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libgcc.x86_64                                        14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.3-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-31.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libglibutil.x86_64                                   1.0.79-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.1-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgomp.x86_64                                       14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.49-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-51.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-19.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-12.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.51-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.3-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libgusb.i686                                         0.4.9-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.9-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libgweather.x86_64                                   4.4.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-31.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libibverbs.x86_64                                    48.0-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.18-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.18-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libicu.i686                                          74.2-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libicu.x86_64                                        74.2-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  74.2-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libidn.x86_64                                        1.42-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libidn2.i686                                         2.3.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-34.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-43.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-22.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-4.fc40     @fedora                                                          
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libinput.x86_64                                      1.26.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libinput-devel.x86_64                                1.26.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libipt.x86_64                                        2.1-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libjaylink.x86_64                                    0.3.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.1-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   3.0.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 3.0.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           3.0.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.3-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-29.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.6-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.7-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liblc3.i686                                          1.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libldac.i686                                         2.0.2.3-15.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-15.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libldb.x86_64                                        2.9.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
liblerc.i686                                         4.0.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libliftoff.x86_64                                    0.4.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libliftoff-devel.x86_64                              0.4.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.28.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liblouis-tables.noarch                               3.28.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.12.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.12.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-24.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libluv.x86_64                                        1.48.0.2-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libmad.x86_64                                        0.16.4-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmatroska.x86_64                                   1.7.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.30.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.30.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-34.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmicrodns.x86_64                                   0.2.0-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-19.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-12.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libmount.i686                                        2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libmount.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libmousepad0.x86_64                                  0.6.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.3.0-0.4.20110810svn475.fc40       @updates                                                         
libmpdclient.x86_64                                  2.22-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-29.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.12.alpha.fc40              @fedora                                                          
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-32.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.22-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.20.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-9.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libnet.x86_64                                        1.3-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-27.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.59.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.59.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.22-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.10.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnsl.i686                                          2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libnsl.x86_64                                        2.39-22.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.8-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-23.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.5-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-8.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.7.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.19.2-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.11.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-23.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-4.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpeas.x86_64                                       2.0.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libpeas1.x86_64                                      1.36.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpeas1-gtk.x86_64                                  1.36.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpeas1-loader-python3.x86_64                       1.36.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.35-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.338.2-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpmem.x86_64                                       2.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.40-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.40-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.40-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libportal.x86_64                                     0.7.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.7.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.1~b1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libproxy.i686                                        0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.11-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpsl.i686                                          0.21.5-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.5-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.34.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.34.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-26.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.14.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
librados2.x86_64                                     2:18.2.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-20.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:18.2.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
librdmacm.x86_64                                     48.0-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-56.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:24.2.5.2-2.fc40                   @updates                                                         
librepo.x86_64                                       1.18.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
librtmp.x86_64                                       2.4-24.20210219.gitf1b83c1.fc40     @rpmfusion-free                                                  
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.24.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libsbc.i686                                          2.0-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libseat.x86_64                                       0.8.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libseat-devel.x86_64                                 0.8.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.4-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libselinux.i686                                      3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libsepol.i686                                        3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2024.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.2.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.6.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-8.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libslopy.x86_64                                      7.6-13.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libsmi.x86_64                                        0.4.8-39.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libsndfile.i686                                      1.2.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.2.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.20-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.30-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libsoup3.i686                                        3.4.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libspatialaudio.x86_64                               3.1-15.20200406gitd926a2e.fc40      @updates                                                         
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.6.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libstdc++.i686                                       14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libstdc++.x86_64                                     14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               14.2.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libstemmer.i686                                      2.2.0-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-19.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtasn1.i686                                        4.19.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtdb.i686                                          1.4.10-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.10-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-7.fc40                         @updates                                                         
libtermkey.x86_64                                    0.22-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.22.5-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libthai.i686                                         0.1.29-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-36.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libtiff.i686                                         4.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtiger.x86_64                                      0.3.4-28.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-5.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.5-0.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.7-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libtracker-sparql.i686                               3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.22.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libunistring.i686                                    1.1-7.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-7.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libunwind.i686                                       1.8.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libupnp.x86_64                                       1.14.19-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-54.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                             0.1.8-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libusb1.i686                                         1.0.27-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-5.fc40     @fedora                                                          
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-8.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libuuid.i686                                         2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                 2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.48.0-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.28.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libva.i686                                           2.21.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libva.x86_64                                         2.21.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libvdpau.i686                                        1.5-6.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
libverto.i686                                        0.3.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libvirt-client.x86_64                                10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               5.0.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  10.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-23.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-4.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.14-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.7-10.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-10.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.14.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.11.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-client.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-server.i686                               1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
libwebp.i686                                         1.3.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:3.7.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
libwinpr2.x86_64                                     2.11.7-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-8.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-19.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.15.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.14-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxcb.i686                                          1.17.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.17.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxdo.x86_64                                        1:3.20211022.1-5.fc40               @fedora                                                          
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.18.6-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.18.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libxkbcommon.i686                                    1.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.42.3-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libxml2.i686                                         2.12.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.12.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.19-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.42-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-34.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-39.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-42.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
live555.x86_64                                       2023.06.20-4.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
livesys-scripts.noarch                               0.6.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
llhttp.x86_64                                        9.2.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
llvm-libs.i686                                       18.1.6-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     18.1.6-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
llvm16-libs.x86_64                                   16.0.6-9.fc40                       @updates                                                         
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                 3.6.0-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.33-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.42.20111007git.fc40         @fedora                                                          
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
loupe.x86_64                                         46.2-2.fc40                         @updates                                                         
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-10.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.11-5.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-64.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
lsof.x86_64                                          4.98.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.7-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.6-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lua-posix.x86_64                                     36.2.1-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-13.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
lua5.1-lpeg.x86_64                                   1.1.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.1720049189-1.fc40               @updates                                                         
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.48.0.2-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.23-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.23-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.23-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
lxappearance.x86_64                                  0.6.3^20230917git655fd083-3.fc40    @fedora                                                          
lxc.x86_64                                           6.0.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
lxc-libs.x86_64                                      6.0.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
lxc-templates.x86_64                                 6.0.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
lxcfs.x86_64                                         5.0.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lxsession.x86_64                                     0.5.5^20230917gite0fffa66-4.fc40    @fedora                                                          
lz4-libs.i686                                        1.9.4-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lzip.x86_64                                          1.24.1-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-12.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-14.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-32.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-38.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-6.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
makedumpfile.x86_64                                  1.7.5-13.fc40                       @updates                                                         
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
man-db.x86_64                                        2.12.0-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
man-pages.noarch                                     6.06-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.8-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.8-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.3.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
media-player-info.noarch                             23-15.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.1.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.7.4-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libGL.i686                                      24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libgbm-devel.x86_64                             24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libglapi.i686                                   24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-va-drivers.i686                                 24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           24.1.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
meson.noarch                                         1.4.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-61.2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
minizip-ng-compat.x86_64                             3.0.10-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                               2.2.1-5.fc40                        @rpmfusion-free                                                  
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.20-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-5.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-31.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.29-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.62-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.7.1-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
mousepad.x86_64                                      0.6.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-33.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.4.1-2.fc40                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                                           
mozjs115.x86_64                                      115.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
mozjs115-devel.x86_64                                115.12.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-19.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.31.3-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mpv.x86_64                                           0.37.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mpv-mpris.x86_64                                     1.1-2.fc40                          @rpmfusion-free                                                  
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
msgraph.x86_64                                       0.2.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.44-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
mujs.x86_64                                          1.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mutter.x86_64                                        46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
mutter-common.noarch                                 46.4-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-39.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                                         
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-7.fc40                          @updates                                                         
nautilus.x86_64                                      46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
nautilus-python.x86_64                               4.0.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-selinux.noarch                                1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.38.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @fedora                                                          
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @fedora                                                          
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @fedora                                                          
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-12.20240127.fc40                @fedora                                                          
ndctl.x86_64                                         79-1.fc40                           @updates                                                         
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    79-1.fc40                           @updates                                                         
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
neovim.x86_64                                        0.10.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.4-5.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.69.20160912git.fc40           @fedora                                                          
netavark.x86_64                                      2:1.12.2-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-6.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
nettle.i686                                          3.9.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.36.0-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.7.1-0.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.12.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.36.0-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     4:7.92-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:20.12.2-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.2.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:20.12.2-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:20.12.2-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:20.12.2-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:10.5.0-1.20.12.2.1.fc40           @updates                                                         
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 6.19.7-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
npth.x86_64                                          1.7-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
nspr.i686                                            4.35.0-28.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-28.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss.i686                                             3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss.x86_64                                           3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
nss-softokn.i686                                     3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                              3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-util.i686                                        3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.103.0-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @fedora                                                          
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @fedora                                                          
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-16.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-5.fc40                  @fedora                                                          
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-44.20150602git.fc40             @fedora                                                          
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.8-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
nvtop.x86_64                                         3.1.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
nwg-panel.noarch                                     0.9.35-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             9-3.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-6.fc40                        @updates                                                         
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-21.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.4.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-16.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.13-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.1-2.fc40                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                                           
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-34.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
openssh.x86_64                                       9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                                         
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                                         
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.6p1-1.fc40.4                      @updates                                                         
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.2.2-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                  0.4.12-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.12-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
opus.i686                                            1.5.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
opus.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.39-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
orca.noarch                                          46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20240701-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.11.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
ostree.x86_64                                        2024.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit.i686                                         0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.5-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-11.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc40                         @updates                                                         
pam.x86_64                                           1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pam-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pam-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-21.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pamixer.x86_64                                       1.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
pango.i686                                           1.54.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pango.x86_64                                         1.54.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.54.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
pangomm2.48.x86_64                                   2.52.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
paps.x86_64                                          0.8.0-9.fc40                        @updates                                                         
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
passim.x86_64                                        0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
passim-libs.x86_64                                   0.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
passt.x86_64                                         0^20240821.g1d6142f-1.fc40          @updates                                                         
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20240821.g1d6142f-1.fc40          @updates                                                         
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-24.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   6.1-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-15.fc40                         @updates                                                         
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc40.6                       @fedora                                                          
pcre2.i686                                           10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.44-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.3-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-502.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.210-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.209-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Convert-BinHex.noarch                           1.125-27.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.25-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-503.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.114-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                  0.14-24.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-502.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.04-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.59-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                              2.13-43.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                        1.008-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Email-Simple.noarch                             2.218-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.21-505.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-29.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-15.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.78-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-506.fc40                  @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-FcntlLock.x86_64                           0.22-30.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Remove.noarch                              1.61-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-503.fc40                @fedora                                                          
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                                 1.20-47.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                                 1.06-24.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Geography-Countries.noarch                      2009041301-40.fc40                  @fedora                                                          
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.57-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.46.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                           2.16-25.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.83-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.24-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-26.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.11-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.46-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-38.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Hash-Ordered.noarch                             0.014-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.22-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.207-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-12.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-2.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.085-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-String.noarch                                1.08-50.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                               2.113-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-13.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                           12.70-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Importer.noarch                                 0.026-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.16-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-17.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-5.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                               2.26-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-MIME-tools.noarch                               5.514-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Mail-Box.noarch                                 3.010-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Mail-Message.noarch                             3.015-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                            0.80-20.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Mail-Transport.noarch                           3.005-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-16.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:2.0030.03-1.fc40                  @updates                                                         
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20231213-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-32.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-38.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.23-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-24.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.94-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.013-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Object-Realize-Later.noarch                     0.21-20.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-31.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-502.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-503.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-504.fc40                     @updates                                                         
perl-Regexp-Assemble.noarch                          0.38-21.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.038-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-502.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.991-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                 0.001013-24.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.25-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-TeX-Hyphen.noarch                               1.18-23.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-504.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-42.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-19.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.018-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-21.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302198-3.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-Autoformat.noarch                          1.750000-14.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-502.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-Reform.noarch                              1.20-38.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2024.001-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-506.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9775-502.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-5.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.3401-506.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-14.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.31-9.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.28-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-20.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-User-Identity.noarch                            1.02-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-39.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.47-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.37-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-505.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-filetest.noarch                                 1.03-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-506.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-503.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-506.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.77-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-502.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-502.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-53.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.36-503.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.68-502.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-506.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.32-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.3.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
pipewire.i686                                        1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-alsa.i686                                   1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-libs.i686                                   1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.7-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pixman.i686                                          0.43.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pixman.x86_64                                        0.43.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.43.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.30.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
pkcs11-provider.x86_64                               0.3-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
pkgconf.x86_64                                       2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            2.1.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
playerctl.x86_64                                     2.4.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
playerctl-libs.x86_64                                2.4.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
plymouth.x86_64                                      24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        24.004.60-12.fc40                   @updates                                                         
po-debconf.noarch                                    1.0.21-14.nmu1.fc40                 @fedora                                                          
podman.x86_64                                        5:5.2.2-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
polkit.x86_64                                        124-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
polkit-gnome.x86_64                                  0.106-0.16.20170423gita0763a2.fc40  @fedora                                                          
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   124-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-28.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
poppler.x86_64                                       24.02.0-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   24.02.0-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  24.02.0-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 24.02.0-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.21-3.fc40                         @updates                                                         
powerline-fonts.noarch                               2.8.3-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-8.fc40                         @updates                                                         
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-20.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.5.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 16.1-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                         16.1-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.13.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.3.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.12-8.fc40                         @updates                                                         
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-8.fc40                         @updates                                                         
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-9.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-43.fc40                      @updates                                                         
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.5-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-audit.x86_64                                 4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.16.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.12.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.10.0-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.35.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.35.7-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.1.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.11-99.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-certifi.noarch                               2023.05.07-4.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.16.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.7-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-click-plugins.noarch                         1.1.1-19.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-colorama.noarch                              0.4.6-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-50.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          41.0.7-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.4-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-6.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-13.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-distro.noarch                                1.9.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-15.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.45-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-gbinder.x86_64                               1.1.2-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.48.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-10.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-i3ipc.noarch                                 2.2.1-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
python3-iso639.noarch                                0.1.4-25.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-jmespath.noarch                              1.0.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.52-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.15-1.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.6-4.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.28.0-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  5.1.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.2.3-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-markdown.noarch                              3.5.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-5.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.47.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.11.0-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.9-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.47-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.2-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-pam.noarch                                   2.0.2-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.7.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.9.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pillow.x86_64                                10.3.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-pip.noarch                                   23.3.2-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-23.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.6-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-progressbar2.noarch                          3.53.2-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.9.8-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pulsectl.noarch                              22.3.2-8.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             23.2.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyclip.noarch                                0.7.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-14.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.20.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.2-10.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-pydbus.noarch                                0.6.0-25.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                1.14.0-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-5.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-22.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-7.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-11.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2024.4.28-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
python3-requests.noarch                              2.31.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-requests-file.noarch                         2.0.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-33.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                           0.7.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-rpmautospec-core.noarch                      0.1.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.10.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.43-2.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.5.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
python3-setuptools.noarch                            69.0.3-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-shtab.noarch                                 1.6.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-14.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-3.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-9.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.2-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
python3-termcolor.noarch                             2.3.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     4.12.2-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.19-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.19-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
python3-utils.noarch                                 3.7.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
python3-websockets.x86_64                            12.0-3.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-xkbregistry.x86_64                           0.3-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.33-6.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
python3-zombie-imp.noarch                            0.0.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
qadwaitadecorations-qt5.x86_64                       0.1.5-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qadwaitadecorations-qt6.x86_64                       0.1.5-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-rutabaga.x86_64   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-rutabaga.x86_64       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:8.2.6-3.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.9.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
qt-settings.noarch                                   40.1-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
qt5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.15.14-2.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.14-6.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.14-6.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.14-6.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.14-2.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.14-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.14-2.fc40                      @updates                                                         
qt5ct.x86_64                                         1.1-24.fc40                         @updates                                                         
qt6-filesystem.x86_64                                6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtquick3d.x86_64                                 6.7.2-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtquicktimeline.x86_64                           6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.7.2-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.7.2-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
qt6ct.x86_64                                         0.9-8.fc40                          @updates                                                         
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-43.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-28.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-19.fc40                  @updates                                                         
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-12.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-26.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             288-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-37.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.3-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.7-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
ripgrep.x86_64                                       14.1.0-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rofi-themes.noarch                                   1.7.5-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
rofi-wayland.x86_64                                  1.7.5+wayland3-1.fc40               @fedora                                                          
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-36.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.6-7.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        40-1                                @rpmfusion-free                                                  
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     40-1                                @rpmfusion-nonfree                                               
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
rsync.x86_64                                         3.3.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-63.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-6.fc40                        @updates                                                         
rust.x86_64                                          1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.3-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.80.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
rutabaga-gfx-ffi.x86_64                              0.1.2-3.20230913gitc3ad0e43e.fc40   @fedora                                                          
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.6-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.20.4-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.29-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.3.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
satyr.x86_64                                         0.43-2.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
schroedinger.x86_64                                  1.0.11-30.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                     1.4.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.68-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.3-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.3-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sed.x86_64                                           4.9-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
selinux-policy.noarch                                40.27-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       40.27-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
setup.noarch                                         2.14.5-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.48-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.15.1-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.15.1-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
shadowsocks-libev.x86_64                             3.3.4-1.58.gitcc658e4.fc33          @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:rayson:shadowsocks               
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.3-5.fc40                          @updates                                                         
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.8-3                              @updates                                                         
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                              @updates                                                         
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-14.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
simple-scan.x86_64                                   46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
skopeo.x86_64                                        1:1.16.1-1.fc40                     @updates                                                         
sl.x86_64                                            5.02-21.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
slop.x86_64                                          7.6-13.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
slurp.x86_64                                         1.5.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-21.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
sos.noarch                                           4.7.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-21.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-22.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-15.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
spandsp.x86_64                                       0.0.6-18.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
spdlog.x86_64                                        1.12.0-4.fc40                       @updates                                                         
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
speech-dispatcher-libs.x86_64                        0.11.5-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-6.fc40                       @updates                                                         
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2024.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.45.1-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.45.1-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.45.1-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.6.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-7.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
sssd.x86_64                                          2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-29.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
steam.i686                                           1.0.0.79-7.fc40                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-steam                                         
steam-devices.i686                                   1.0.0.79-7.fc40                     @rpmfusion-nonfree-steam                                         
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-5.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-2.p5.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
sushi.x86_64                                         46.0-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  2.1.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.1-6.fc40                        @rpmfusion-free                                                  
swappy.x86_64                                        1.5.1-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
swayidle.x86_64                                      1.8.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
swaylock-effects.x86_64                              1.7.0.0-1.fc40                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-5.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
swww.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.fc40                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-10.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         46.0-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
systemd.x86_64                                       255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-container.x86_64                             255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-libs.i686                                    255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  255.10-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.13-2.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-7.fc40                    @updates                                                         
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-7.fc40                         @updates                                                         
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-2.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-82.fc40                 @updates                                                         
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5.6-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
thrift.x86_64                                        0.15.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                         0.5.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
thunar-volman.x86_64                                 4.18.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.14.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.14.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
timeshift.x86_64                                     22.11.2-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240811-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-40.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.13-3.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
tldr.noarch                                          3.3.0-2.fc40                        @updates                                                         
tmux.x86_64                                          3.4-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
toilet.x86_64                                        0.3-16.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
tomlplusplus.x86_64                                  3.4.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tomlplusplus-devel.x86_64                            3.4.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.5-11.fc40                    @updates                                                         
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-9.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.7-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.1.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.5-2.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
tracker.x86_64                                       3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.7.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.22.5-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-10.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-10.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-10.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tumbler.x86_64                                       4.18.2-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
typescript.noarch                                    5.1.3-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.10.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.20.0-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.1.0-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-13.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-63.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.4-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.4-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.4-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.8-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc40                    @updates                                                         
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-10.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-11.fc40                    @fedora                                                          
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-2.fc40     @fedora                                                          
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.40.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
v4l2loopback.x86_64                                  0.13.1-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free                                                  
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-9.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              65-2.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.20-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
vlc.x86_64                                           1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-cli.x86_64                                       1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-gui-qt.x86_64                                    1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-gui-skins2.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-libs.x86_64                                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugin-ffmpeg.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugin-gnome.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugin-lua.x86_64                                1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugin-notify.x86_64                             1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugin-pipewire.x86_64                           3-2.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
vlc-plugin-visualization.x86_64                      1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugins-base.x86_64                              1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vlc-plugins-freeworld.x86_64                         3.0.21-1.fc40                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                                          
vlc-plugins-video-out.x86_64                         1:3.0.21-3.fc40                     @updates                                                         
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-20.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-21.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-47.svn550.fc40                @fedora                                                          
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-2.git5b9e7e4c.fc40         @fedora                                                          
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.76.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
vte291.x86_64                                        0.76.3-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.3.290.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.290.0-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc40           @fedora                                                          
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc40           @fedora                                                          
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.7.0-3.fc40                        @updates                                                         
waybar.x86_64                                        0.10.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
waydroid.noarch                                      1.4.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
waydroid-selinux.noarch                              1.4.3-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.23.0-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.37-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-21.fc40                           @fedora                                                          
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                 2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.44.3-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         1.3-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       1.3-1.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
webrtc-audio-processing0.3.x86_64                    0.3.1-12.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
wf-recorder.x86_64                                   0.4.0-5.fc40                        @updates                                                         
wget2.x86_64                                         2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                                         
wget2-libs.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                                         
wget2-wget.x86_64                                    2.1.0-11.fc40                       @updates                                                         
which.x86_64                                         2.21-41.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.20-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.20-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
wireguard-tools.x86_64                               1.0.20210914-6.fc40                 @fedora                                                          
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2024.01.23-1.fc40                   @fedora                                                          
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.5.5-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
wireshark.x86_64                                     1:4.2.7-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                 1:4.2.7-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
wl-clipboard.x86_64                                  2.2.1-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
wlogout.x86_64                                       1.2.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
wlr-randr.x86_64                                     0.4.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-19.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
wofi.x86_64                                          1.4.1-4.fc40                        @updates                                                         
words.noarch                                         3.0-45.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.11-3.fc40                       @updates                                                         
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.14.2-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
wsdd.noarch                                          0.8-1.fc40                          @updates                                                         
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.164-13.20231001git31e19f92.fc40   @rpmfusion-free                                                  
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.6-2.fc40                          @rpmfusion-free-updates                                          
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-cursor-devel.x86_64                         0.1.4-4.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-errors.x86_64                               1.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-errors-devel.x86_64                         1.0.1-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                          0.4.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                     0.3.10-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-wm-devel.x86_64                             0.4.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.4-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      46.2-1.fc40                         @updates                                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland.x86_64                   1:1.3.3-1.fc40                      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:solopasha:hyprland               
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xdotool.x86_64                                       1:3.20211022.1-5.fc40               @fedora                                                          
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xdriinfo.x86_64                                      1.0.7-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.18.2-5.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                   4.18.6-1.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.18.3-2.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.5.0-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-4.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.41-1.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-63.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.59.03-1.fc40                      @updates                                                         
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.39-2.fc40                     @updates                                                         
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-6.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-3.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-11.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-15.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-15.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-57.20210115.fc40           @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.4.0-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-7.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-7.20210215git5dbad06.fc40   @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-7.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-4.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-38.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2024.1-2.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-35.fc40                     @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      24.1.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland-devel.x86_64                24.1.2-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-35.fc40                     @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-6.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.7-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-3.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.1-1.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xset.x86_64                                          1.2.5-5.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-11.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-8.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xxd.x86_64                                           2:9.1.703-1.fc40                    @updates                                                         
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
xz.x86_64                                            1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xz-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xz-libs.i686                                         1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xz-libs.x86_64                                       1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                1:5.4.6-3.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
yad.x86_64                                           9.3-8.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-23.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-5.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-4.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
yt-dlp-zsh-completion.noarch                         2024.08.06-1.fc40                   @updates                                                         
yum.noarch                                           4.21.1-1.fc40                       @updates                                                         
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.2-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.5-16.fc40                       @fedora                                                          
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-30.fc40                     @fedora                                                          
zig-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-2.fc40                            @fedora                                                          
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-2.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-40.fc40                         @fedora                                                          
zlib-ng.x86_64                                       2.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zlib-ng-compat.i686                                  2.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zlib-ng-compat.x86_64                                2.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zlib-ng-compat-devel.x86_64                          2.1.7-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates                                                         
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc40                       @updates                                                         
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-14.fc40                         @updates                                                         
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.6-1.fc40                        @updates                                                         
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-22.fc40                      @fedora                                                          
zxcvbn-c.x86_64                                      2.5-2.fc40                          @fedora                                                          
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     2.0.0-6.fc40                        @fedora                                                          
